Update Embassy tutorial. (#647)
UPB-PMRust/website: website/tutorial/embassy/index.md

Please make sure that you install the Rust ARMv8-M target (thumbv8m.main-none-eabihf).

```bash
rustup target add thumbv8m.main-none-eabihf
```

:::info
You can skip this step when the target is defined in `rust-toolchain.toml`.
:::

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="rp2350" label="Raspberry Pi Pico" default>
Please make sure that you install the Rust ARMv6-M target (thumbv6m-none-eabi).

```bash
rustup target add thumbv6m-none-eabi
```

:::info
You can skip this step when the target is defined in `rust-toolchain.toml`.
:::

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Memory layout

We also need to take care of the memory layout of our program when writing code for a microcontroller. These can be found in the datasheet of all the microcontrollers. Bellow, you can find the memory layout for the **STM32U545** and **RP2**s:

##### `memory.x`

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="stm32u5" label="STM32 Nucleo-U545RE-Q" default>
```ld
MEMORY
{
  /* On-chip Flash memory */
  FLASH (rx) : ORIGIN = 0x08000000, LENGTH = 512K

  /* On-chip SRAM (SRAM1+SRAM2+SRAM3 combined) */
  RAM (rwx)  : ORIGIN = 0x20000000, LENGTH = 256K
}
```

:::info
You don’t need to provide a `memory.x` file when using **Embassy**,  

> because the `embassy-stm32` crate has a feature called **memory-x**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because the `embassy-stm32` crate has a feature called `memory-x`
```

:::tip

> We can use the same `rust-toolchain.toml` file for both the **RP2350** and the **STM32U545**, but we need to change the **target triple** depending on which chip we are compiling for. The RP2350 and STM32U545 are both Cortex‑M33 devices, so the correct target is `thumbv8m.main-none-eabi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use the same `rust-toolchain.toml` file for both the **RP2350** and the **STM32U545**, we just need to make sure to add both  **target triples**. The RP2040 is a Cortex-M0+ that uses the `thumbv6m-none-eabi` target while the RP2350 and STM32U545 are both Cortex‑M33 devices, so they use the `thumbv8m.main-none-eabi` target.
```

:::

:::tip

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="stm32u5" label="STM32 Nucleo-U545RE-Q/Raspberry Pi Pico 2" default>
Please make sure that you install the Rust ARMv8-M target (thumbv8m.main-none-eabihf).

```bash
rustup target add thumbv8m.main-none-eabihf

> ```

Reviewer: Add a note that the this step should not be required if the target is placed in the `rust-toolchain.toml` file.

Author: Done.

  </TabItem>

>   <TabItem value="rp2350" label="Raspberry Pi Pico" default>

Reviewer: Add a note that the this step should not be required if the target is placed in the `rust-toolchain.toml` file.
